Space::Clock - A clock for space enthusiasts!

Running the clock:
    1. You need Ruby, and Ruby2D.
         You can download and install Ruby from here (documentation provided on the website):
                  https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
         You can get Ruby2D from here:
                  http://www.ruby2d.com/learn/get-started/
    2. After successful installation, go to the Space::Clock directory/folder, and run the main.rb file with ruby.
    3. You can run it directly by clicking on it twice, like other applications - for that you first need to make it executable: chmod 777 main.rb


1. You have a config.conf file in the script's folder - you can edit that and customize your clock. Read the file for help, and for more info.

2. You can use mouse to customize the look:
    1. You can use your mouse scroll button and scroll to reduce the foreground brightness. Where the real magic starts. You see rockets, comets, planets,
       ice-crystals, and all those interesting space stuffs.
    2. If you have any custom text on the config.conf file, you can drag it with mouse. Click the primary mouse button (by default the left mouse button)
       on the object, you should see a move icon appearing, drag that. Note that the date will always come to the center of the mouse.
    3. Clicking the primary mouse button (the left mouse button by default) on time and date, you can switch the time and date format.
    4. Clicking on an empty space, will show you some greeting messages.
    5. Clicking the secondary mouse button (by default the right mouse button) will switch the background colour to a random colour.

3. You do have keyboard functionalities:
    1. Pressing the Space key will reduce or restore the foreground brightness to maximum/minimum.
    2. Down and up keys will reduce, and increase the foreground brightness slowly.
    3. Press any shift key spawn a new Space::Clock on a new thread! Very splendid if you have more than one display.
    4. The Right and Left keys will shuffle the mouse cursor particles.
    5. Press Escape, Q, or P to exit. Caps-lock doesn't matter.
    6. Press any Alt key, any CTRL key, or Tab key to shuffle everything, and put the custom-texts on its real position.
    7. Press the C or S keys to have a look at the config.conf file graphically. Note: You can't change your settings from there.
    8. Press I or A for this help window.

4. If the config.conf file is corrupted, don't worry. Run the main.rb file, this will regenerate the file with the default configuration. If nothing happens,
   or the app keeps crashing, then delete the config.conf file. Rerun the script, this will autogenerate the file.

5. Thanks for checking this out. If you like this, a light-weight version of this clock is also available which has less effects:
        https://www.github.com/Souravgoswami/Space-Clock-Lite

6. For any bugs report, please contact:
        sg97@protonmail.com
                        Thank You
